Update office-365-network-mac-perf-overview.md (#4483)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/office-365-network-mac-perf-overview.md

On navigating to the network connectivity page, you will see an overview pane containing a map of global network performance, a network assessment scoped to the entire tenant, percentage of your users working remotely vs onsite, and a list of current issues to take action on or to research further. To access this page, you must be an administrator for the organization within Microsoft 365. The Report Reader administrative role will have read access to this information. To configure locations and other elements of network connectivity an administrator must be part of a server administrator role such as the Service support admin role. From the overview, you can drill down to view specific network performance metrics and issues by location. 

## Pre-requisites for network connectivity assessments to appear

Whilst network connectivity can be evaluated across the organization, any network design improvements will need to be done for specific office locations. Network connectivity information is provided for each office location once those locations can be determined. There are three options for getting network assessments from your office locations:

> ### 1. Enable Windows Location Services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Enable Windows location service
```

> For this option, you must have at least two computers running at each office location that support the pre-requisites. OneDrive for Windows version must be up-to-date and installed on each computer. For more information on OneDrive versions, see the [OneDrive release notes](https://support.office.com/article/onedrive-release-notes-845dcf18-f921-435e-bf28-4e24b95e5fc0). Network measurements are planned to be added to other Office 365 client applications in the near future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this option, you must have at least two computers running at each office location that supports the pre-requisites. Your OneDrive for Windows version must be up-to-date and installed on each computer. For more information on OneDrive versions, see the [OneDrive release notes](https://support.office.com/article/onedrive-release-notes-845dcf18-f921-435e-bf28-4e24b95e5fc0). Network measurements are planned to be added to other Office 365 client applications in the near future.
```

> Windows Location Service must be consented on the machines. You can test this by running the **Maps** app and locating yourself. It can be enabled on a single machine with **Settings | Privacy | Location** where the setting _Allow apps to access your location_ must be enabled. Windows Location Services consent can be deployed to PCs using MDM or Group Policy with the setting _LetAppsAccessLocation_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows location service must be enabled on the computers. You can test this by running the **Maps** app and locating yourself. It can be enabled on a single machine with **Settings | Privacy | Location** where the setting _Allow apps to access your location_ must be enabled. Windows location service consent can be deployed to PCs using MDM or Group Policy with the setting _LetAppsAccessLocation_.
```

### 2. Add locations and provide LAN subnet information

> For this option, neither Windows Location Services nor Wi-Fi are required. Your OneDrive for Windows version must be up-to-date and installed on at least one computer at the location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this option, neither Windows location service nor Wi-Fi is required. Your OneDrive for Windows version must be up-to-date and installed on at least one computer at the location.
```

> You also need to add locations in the in the **Locations page** or to import them from a CSV file. The locations added must include your office LAN subnet information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need to add locations in the **Locations page** or to import them from a CSV file. The locations added must include your office LAN subnet information.
```

This option allows you to have multiple offices defined within a city.

> All test measurements from client machines include the LAN subnet information, which is correlated with the office location details that you have entered. Measurement samples and office locations should start to appear 24 hours after these pre-requisites have been met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All test measurements from client computers include the LAN subnet information, which is correlated with the office location details that you have entered. Measurement samples and office locations should start to appear 24 hours after these pre-requisites have been met.
```

### 3. Manually gather test reports with the Microsoft 365 network connectivity test tool

> For this option, you need to identify a person at each location. Ask them to browse to [Microsoft 365 network connectivity test](https://connectivity.office.com) on a Windows machine on which they have administrative permissions. On the web site, they need to sign-in to their Office 365 account for the same organization that you want to see the results. Then they should click **Run test**. During the test there is a downloaded Connectivity test EXE. They need to open and execute that. Once the tests are completed, the test result is uploaded to the Admin Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this option, you need to identify a person at each location. Ask them to browse to [Microsoft 365 network connectivity test](https://connectivity.office.com) on a Windows computer on which they have administrative permissions. On the website, they need to sign in to their Office 365 account for the same organization that you want to see the results. Then they should click **Run test**. During the test, there is a downloaded Connectivity test EXE. They need to open and execute that. Once the tests are completed, the test result is uploaded to the admin center.
```

Test reports are linked to a location if it was added with LAN subnet information, otherwise they are shown at the city location only.

> Measurement samples and office locations should start to appear 2-3 minutes after a test report is completed. For more information, see [Microsoft 365 network connectivity test (preview)](office-365-network-mac-perf-onboarding-tool.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Measurement samples and office locations should start to appear two to three minutes after a test report is completed. For more information, see [Microsoft 365 network connectivity test (preview)](office-365-network-mac-perf-onboarding-tool.md).
```

## How do I use this information?

> **Network insights**, their related performance recommendations and network assessments are intended to help in designing network perimeters for your office locations. Each insight provides details about the performance characteristics for a specific common networking issue for each geographic location where users are accessing your tenant. **Performance recommendations** for each network insight offer specific network architecture design changes you can make to improve user experience related to Microsoft 365 network connectivity. The network assessment shows how network connectivity impacts user experience, allowing for comparison of different user location network connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Network insights**, their related performance recommendations, and network assessments are intended to help in designing network perimeters for your office locations. Each insight provides details about the performance characteristics for a specific common networking issue for each geographic location where users are accessing your tenant. **Performance recommendations** for each network insight offer specific network architecture design changes you can make to improve user experience related to Microsoft 365 network connectivity. The network assessment shows how network connectivity impacts user experience, allowing for comparison of different user location network connections.
```

> [!div class="mx-imgBorder"]
> ![Customer network to cloud](../media/m365-mac-perf/m365-mac-perf-first-last-mile.png)

> Many enterprises have network perimeter configurations which have grown over time and are primarily designed to accommodate employee Internet web site access where most web sites are not known in advance and are untrusted. The prevailing and necessary focus is avoiding malware and phishing attacks from these unknown web sites. This network configuration strategy, while helpful for security purposes, can lead to degradation of Microsoft 365 user performance and user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many enterprises have network perimeter configurations that have grown over time and are primarily designed to accommodate employee Internet website access where most websites are not known in advance and are untrusted. The prevailing and necessary focus is avoiding malware and phishing attacks from these unknown websites. This network configuration strategy, while helpful for security purposes, can lead to the degradation of Microsoft 365 user performance and user experience.
```

## How we can solve these challenges

> Enterprises can improve general user experience and secure their environment by following [Office 365 connectivity principles](https://aka.ms/pnc) and by using the Microsoft 365 Admin Center network connectivity feature. In most cases, following these general principles will have a significant positive impact on end user latency, service reliability and overall performance of Microsoft 365.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enterprises can improve general user experience and secure their environment by following [Office 365 connectivity principles](https://aka.ms/pnc) and by using the Microsoft 365 Admin Center network connectivity feature. In most cases, following these general principles will have a significant positive impact on user latency, service reliability, and the overall performance of Microsoft 365.
```

> Microsoft is sometimes asked to investigate network performance issues with Microsoft 365 for large enterprise customers, and these frequently have a root cause related to the customer's network perimeter infrastructure. When a common root cause of a customer network perimeter issue is found we seek to identify simple test measurements that identifies it. A test with a measurement threshold that identifies a specific problem is valuable because we can test the same measurement at any location, tell whether this root cause is present there and share it as a network insight with the administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft is sometimes asked to investigate network performance issues with Microsoft 365 for large enterprise customers, and these frequently have a root cause related to the customer's network perimeter infrastructure. When a common root cause of a customer network perimeter issue is found we seek to identify simple test measurements that identify it. A test with a measurement threshold that identifies a specific problem is valuable because we can test the same measurement at any location, tell whether this root cause is present there, and share it as a network insight with the administrator.
```

> [!div class="mx-imgBorder"]
> ![Network assessment](../media/m365-mac-perf/m365-mac-perf-overview-score.png)

> You can view a table view of the locations where they can be filtered, sorted, and edited in the **Locations** tab. Locations with specific recommendations may also include an estimated potential latency improvement. This is calculated by taking the median latency of your organization users at the location and subtracting the median latency for all organizations in the same city.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view a table view of the locations where they can be filtered, sorted, and edited in the **Locations** tab. Locations with specific recommendations may also include an estimated potential latency improvement. This is calculated by taking the median latency of your organization's users at the location and subtracting the median latency for all organizations in the same city.
```

> [!div class="mx-imgBorder"]
> ![Location-specific details](../media/m365-mac-perf/m365-mac-perf-locations-plan-details-all.png)

## User-submitted report settings

> You can prevent users from sharing reports from the [Microsoft 365 connectivity test tool (preview)](office-365-network-mac-perf-onboarding-tool.md) to the Admin Center at any time in the **Sharing and user-submitted reports** flyout under Settings. You can also block reports from specific users and/or specific locations. If you would like to view submitted reports by certain users above other users, we provide you with the option to prioritize reports. User-submitted reports in the Admin Center have an expiry date of 90 days by default but can be changed to suit your organization’s preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can prevent users from sharing reports from the [Microsoft 365 connectivity test tool (preview)](office-365-network-mac-perf-onboarding-tool.md) to the admin center at any time in the **Sharing and user-submitted reports** flyout under **Settings**. You can also block reports from specific users and/or specific locations. If you would like to view submitted reports by certain users above other users, we provide you with the option to prioritize reports. User-submitted reports in the admin center have an expiry date of 90 days by default but can be changed to suit your organization’s preferences.
```

> ## CSV Import for LAN subnet office locations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## CSV import for LAN subnet office locations
```

> For LAN subnet office identification, you need to add each location in advance. Instead of adding individual office locations in the **Locations** tab you can import them from a CSV file. You may be able to obtain this data from other places you have stored it such as the Call Quality Dashboard or Active Directory Sites and Services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For LAN subnet office identification, you need to add each location in advance. Instead of adding individual office locations in the **Locations** tab, you can import them from a CSV file. You may be able to obtain this data from other places you have stored it such as the Call Quality Dashboard or Active Directory Sites and Services
```

1. Open the CSV and add your locations by filling out the following fields on a new line for each location you want to add. Leave all other fields blank; values you enter in other fields will be ignored.

>    1. **userEntered** (required): Must be 1 for a new LAN Subnet office location being added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. **userEntered** (required): Must be 1 for the new LAN Subnet office location being added.
```

>    1. **Name** (required): The name of the office location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. **Name** (required): The name of the office location.
```

>    1. **Address** (required): The physical address of the office

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. **Address** (required): The physical address of the office.
```

>    1. **Latitude** (optional): Populated from Bing maps lookup of the address if blank

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. **Latitude** (optional): Populated from Bing maps lookup of the address if blank.
```

>    1. **Longitude** (optional): Populated from Bing maps lookup of the address if blank

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. **Longitude** (optional): Populated from Bing maps lookup of the address if blank.
```

### What is an optimal Microsoft 365 service front door?

An optimal Microsoft 365 service front door is one that is closest to your network egress, generally in your city or metro area. Use the [Microsoft 365 connectivity test tool (preview)](office-365-network-mac-perf-onboarding-tool.md) to determine the location of your in-use Microsoft 365 service front door and optimal service front door. If the tool determines your in-use front door is optimal, you are optimally connecting to Microsoft's global network.

### What is an internet egress location?

> The internet egress location is the location where your network traffic exits your enterprise network and connects to the Internet. This is also identified as the location where you have a Network Address Translation (NAT) device and usually where you connect with an Internet Service Provider (ISP). If you see a long distance between your location and your internet egress location, this may indicate a significant WAN backhaul.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The internet egress location is the location where your network traffic exits your enterprise network and connects to the Internet. This is also identified as the location where you have a Network Address Translation (NAT) device and usually where you connect with an Internet service provider (ISP). If you see a long distance between your location and your Internet egress location, this may indicate a significant WAN backhaul.
```
